select backup engine in Backup() and ignore engines in RestoreFromBackup() (#16428)
vitessio/vitess: go/flags/endtoend/vttablet.txt

      --restore-to-timestamp string                                      (init incremental restore parameter) if set, run a point in time recovery that restores up to the given timestamp, if possible. Given timestamp in RFC3339 format. Example: '2006-01-02T15:04:05Z07:00'
      --restore_concurrency int                                          (init restore parameter) how many concurrent files to restore at once (default 4)
      --restore_from_backup                                              (init restore parameter) will check BackupStorage for a recent backup at startup and start there

>       --restore_from_backup_allowed_engines strings                      if present will filter out any backups taken with engines not included in the list

Reviewer: New flags should use dashes, not underscores. Sorry, we haven't got around to deprecating and replacing the old-style flags, so we have this pitfall where you follow what looks like the standard pattern, but it isn't.

Reviewer: For future reference, the vitess-bot checklist is helpful here. It tells you what is expected under `New flags`.

Author: aha, thanks @deepthi! I will update it

>       --restore_from_backup_allowed_engines strings                      if present will filter out any backups taken with engines not included in the list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --restore-from-backup-allowed-engines strings                      (init restore parameter) if set, only backups taken with the specified engines are eligible to be restored
```
